hey guys what's up and welcome back to
my channel as you can see I'm on movin
just woke up a couple hours ago and I'm
headed to a fitness at session where I
used to teach just cause like I'm
feeling
the need to work out with like a team
today rather than on my own just get
that extra motivation you guys liked
this style of video last week and I did
too I just find it more interesting and
I want to make interesting stuff for you
guys so I'm taking you with me to
session today
it's like 10:00 a.m. and I also wanted
to have a chat about insecurities while
I walk there it's about ten minute walk
so I did an AMA on my story my Instagram
story yesterday and a few of you guys on
Instagram how you deal with the
insecurity of being short and I know
I've made a video about this before but
it was also on top of the fact that
yesterday was like an insecure day for
me not really my height but who here has
ever ever found themselves going down
the black hole of googling I don't know
injections like surgeries plastic
surgeries not really because you're like
seriously considering it but just
because you've you've started with a
simple Google search and suddenly you
are in the Narnia of surgeries looking
at like what would i look like if i did
this and this I'm gonna be real with you
guys that hasn't happened to me in a
long time but this week I was you know
looking at stuff like that and I didn't
even realize I was and when I kind of
came out of it I was like in a bad mood
I was like why did I just it started
with that interest right it's so
interesting to look at surgeries and
what people can do to themselves today
if we're targeted on Instagram for a lot
of it also a lot of my friends
personally do Botox and lip injections
I've never had anything done I don't
really need Botox as I look like I'm 12
and nothing against them more power to
you if you do
any of those types of enhancements I
think that if it makes you happy you go
girl I believe in that 100% and I'm glad
that there are some options for people
if it makes their lives better 100
percent I just personally know it
wouldn't be right for me and that's
because I've monitored my mindset around
these this subject matter for a while
and yeah so I want to talk about how you
can sort of alleviate some of those
feelings that come up when you start to
see or you start to think about well
what's my chin was like this or my nose
looks like this or my lips or bigger or
my I don't know had no wrinkles or
whatever it is so and then we'll get
into height as well since a few people
asked yesterday basically what I find is
that the more I think about it the more
insecure I feel I
nobody has ever in my life ever ever
ever told me this I don't know why I
think I have this I don't think it's
based in reality but I don't love like
my chin and it's so funny saying that
because I don't even think about it ever
like I never think about it when I look
in the mirror I have really good
self-talk worked really hard on that
over my you know almost thirty years
living and I think I'm beautiful yeah
love myself all of that stuff worked
hard on it but if I'm gonna you know be
real with you guys that's something I
struggle with and no one ever once in my
entire life has ever said anything about
my chin ever so I don't even know where
it came from and I find that the more I
think about it so if I spend time
thinking about what would it look like
if it was perfect or the way I wanted it
what would it look like if I got filler
I never feel good thinking that stuff
like I never come out the other end of
that feeling better for her
about it you know what I mean like it
puts me in a negative mindset of wanting
to change myself when really in reality
everything's fine I'm really happy with
you know who I am and who I'm not
something to do with what I look like
anyways and so my biggest piece of
advice my arms getting tired holding to
monitor yourself talk and if you find
yourself watching like senator there's
so many YouTube channels on surgeries
and Instagram on Plastic Surgeons if you
find that looking at these things and
imagining the what-ifs doesn't make you
feel good like that interaction leaves
you feeling a little empty just don't
follow those accounts just don't go
there and when I don't go there I'm Way
more confident I feel so much more
secure and confident about my body those
insecurities I have virtually never pop
into my head but if I do spend time
really harboring on it then I will think
about it more I will see it more I will
worry about it more when it's not even
of something that matters to me oh my
gosh take I'm getting better at walking
and talking follow people still stare
lots of staring going on here okay so
moving on to height I don't really think
about my height at all anymore
probably because through small attics
and the work I've done it's almost like
I see it as my one of my strengths but
wasn't always like that and you guys
know that for a long time I felt lesser
than because I was short and I wanted
that tight or one of that long looking
cuz II what helped me get over that was
similar but a little different I'd say I
did a lot of work on focusing on what my
body could do and how much joy that
brought me rather than focusing on what
it could look like and you know I would
encourage you if you're feeling insecure
about your height to get into fitness
and start strength training and let your
body show you why it's perfect the way
it is why you're high is an asset why it
can't hold you back from doing anything
that you dream of unless you let it it's
all about how you see things in life and
what you make of it I have 100% believe
that so I think if you can get into
treating your body really well through
taking care of it health and fitness
feed it well strength training
watch how strong you grow you're gonna
start to slowly have a mindset shift or
I was gonna say mental transformation
where you don't even notice you're gay
anymore
because you you're paying attention to
other things you're paying attention to
how strong you are how much you can lift
to how good you feel when you wake up in
the morning and you have energy how you
don't need coffee anymore you know just
feeling good and healthy and strong yeah
in light of being vulnerable today and
chatting about this I would love to hear
what you struggle with in the comments
if you're willing to share when I
started small Linux I hadn't spoken
about my height really ever especially
not publicly and doing so set me free
completely so think about who you could
talk to doesn't have to be in this huge
public way that I do it definitely not
for everybody but you know think about
who you could share with whether it's a
journal or close friends partner mom
share why you think it bothers you
talking through things is very
helpful that's why therapy exists right
and I think that it can set you free as
well could also bring you some more
awareness as to your own thoughts and
your own self limiting beliefs I'm kind
of power-walking because I don't want to
be late so that's my two cents on
insecurities
I'll show you guys were Matt them in
Williamsburg walking down the street and
the session is where I used to teach
just once a week I've never taught group
fitness anywhere else
I don't normally teach group fitness but
I just love the studio and the people so
I worked there sort of as a founding
trainer who's really early on when they
opened for about a year and uh some
change now I just take classes as a
community member
strength training circuit training timed
intervals this gets your mind off of
reps which is sometimes nice and I throw
it in there to get some social
interaction it's really helped me just
you know get out of the house because I
work from home or works co-working
theses connect with people so this just
about wraps up the chow hey guys were
mapping in Williamsburg
[Music]
just finished and then go home I feel
like it's so cold all the sweat already
dried I'm like I think I need to go
shower I hope you guys enjoyed this
video if you did please give it a like
and subscribe for more content tailored
to the short girl bang and I'll see you
guys next week
have a great day
[Music]